.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH LYX2RFC 1 "December  7, 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
lyx2rfc \- converts lyx Internet Drafts and RFCs into other formats
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lyx2rfc
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B lyx2rfc
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBlyx2rfc\fP converts a source document into text, HTML and XML formats. The
text and XML formats can be used when submitting the document as an Internet
Draft (I-D) to the IETF.
.br
See more information in the User's Guide (under /usr/share/doc/lyx2rfc), or
simply start by copying the sample I-D (in the same directory)
and editing it to your taste.
.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the Info files.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR xml2rfc (1),
.BR lyx (1).
.br
The program is documented fully by
.IR "The lyx2rfc User's Guide",
available in several formats under /usr/share/doc/lyx2rfc.
.SH AUTHOR
lyx2rfc was written by Nico Williams.
.PP
This manual page was written by Yaron Sheffer <yaronf.ietf@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
